feat(contentful): Create webhooks programatically (#831)
DFE-Digital/sts-plan-technology-for-your-school: contentful/webhook-creator/README.md

# Webhook creator

Simple Javascript script that creates a Contentful webhook, ensuring it follows the same pattern across environments

## Usage

1. Install required packages by running `npm install`
2. Copy `.env.example` and rename it to `.env`
3. Fill in the required variables as described below
4. Build the project by running `npm run build`

> 5. Execute the script by running `node ./dist/create-contentful-webhook.js`

Reviewer: Trivial but, could also be an npm script? `npm run create-webook` ?

Author: Done

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Create the webhook by running `npm run create-webhook`
```
